[DX-673] Create linking pages between Product Stack and Developer Support For Previous Bundled Release Notes (#3227)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-gateway/release-notes/overview.md

---
title: Tyk Gateway Release Notes
description: "Explains where to access older supported bundled release notes for Tyk Dashboard and Tyk Gateway"
tags: ["Release notes"]
---

> Older release notes of Tyk Gateway were bundled together with Tyk Dashboard. The release notes for these older supported releases are available in the [Developer Support]({{< ref "/developer-support/tyk-release-summary/overview" >}}) section of the website.

Reviewer: Can we please make it slightly clearer, saying that prior to 5.2, release notes for the dashboard and the gateway were bundled together. T
```suggestion
Prior to the 5.2 release, Tyk Gateway release notes were combined with those of Tyk Dashboard. You can find these combined release notes in the [Developer Support]({{< ref "/developer-support/tyk-release-summary/overview" >}}) section of the website.
```
